/// Premise ///
A frontend application for 'Dexhune : NFT Hotswap'. 

! General !
The app allows users to insert a hotswap LP address and either swap for it - add liquidity - claims fees on liquidity positions or withdraw their liquidity. 

The Plebbit token (PLEB) is set as a default, the app fetches the prices of PLEB - Exo's Bagholders NFT (xPLEB) and the bridged version of Plebbit Token (wPLEB). Using this information to present the relative prices of PLEB and wPLEB, thus facilitating arbitrage. 

! Page 1 !
1a ;  Wallet connect

1b ;  DXH Logo 

1c ; Address field ;
Allows the user to insert a listing address to interact with. 

1d ; Add button ; 
Begins interacting with the stated listing address.

1e ; Factory Contract Link ;
Text link that says "Factory". 

1f ; Github link

1g ; Trade menu.

1h ; PLEB price comparison ;
Calculates the value of the NFT in FFT by fetching the amounts of both in the LP. 

Example; there is 10,000,000 FFT and 10 NFT in the LP, (FFT amount) / (NFT amount) = 1,000,000. 

1i; Amount Field ;
Allows the user to state a number of NFTs to buy or sell. 

1j ; Buy/sell toggle ;
Determines if the swap is for buy or sell.

1k ; Cost/settlement display ;
Shows how much [FFT] the swap will cost or settle. 

1l ; Swap button ;
(Presents a popup to approve the NFT or FFT for trade if not already approved)
Pushes a transaction to execute the swap with the stated details. 

1m ; Liquidity menu button ;
Presents Page 2.

1n ; Listing Menu ; 
Presents page 4.

1o ; close button ; 
Closes the trade menu.


! Page 2 ! 

2a ; Liquidity menu

2b ; Amount field 

2c ; FFT or NFT toggle ; 
Determines if the user is depositing the target NFT or FFT in the listing. 

2d ; Deposit button ; 
Pushes a transaction for a deposit using the details provided. 

2e ; Positions panel ; 
Returns all liquidity positions the user has, first shows the amount, if greater than 99999 then it displays as 1.0e5. Shows the token ticker up to 4 letters, more than 4 is displayed as "XXXX...". Lasting it displays the amount of fees collected and unclaimed, if claimed this returns "N/A". 

2f ; Withdraw button ;
Pushes a transaction to withdraw the target liquidity position. 

2g ; Claim fees button ;
Pushes a transaction to claim fees on a given liquidity position. 

2h ; scroll bar

2i ; Close button (returns the user to the main menu)

! Page 3 ! 
3a ; Listing menu

3b ; NFT Address 

3c ; FFT Address 

3d ; List button

3e ; close button
